WIP - README.md for templates (#17)
moove-it/guides: templates/getting-started/README.md

`Start project with docker (recommended)` and a `Start project manually` (both of them are consider
"h2" so are going to be represented with `##`)

```
## Start project with docker (recommended)

// Content

## Start project manually

// Content
```

For the manual project start up it's also required the tool installation like (Version manager, and
the different tools that the project might require node for example).

```
### Install tools

#### Version manager

// Content on how to install the version manager

#### Node.js

// Content on how to install node.js using the version manager

#### Yarn

// Content on how to install yarn using the version manager
```

After tool installation a project dependencies installation section is required as shown below

```
### Install project dependencies

// How to install each project dependency
```

Finally commands to start the project itself

```
### Start the project

// Content on how to start the project
```

If the template has additional tools that are only required for some flows (like Storybook)
add a section on that topic like this

```
## Storybook

> // Explain what is storybook or the additional software and some links to their site itself,
> // also any required step to run it locally

Author: ```suggestion
// Explain what is storybook or the additional tool that is mentioned and add some links about their official documentation or related to its usage.
// . Also include any required step to run it locally.
```
